1482: Add CMH test with Sato variance estimator (#1483)
insightsengineering/tern: NEWS.md

# tern 0.9.10.9012

### Enhancements
* Added `alternative` argument to `s_coxph_pairwise()` to allow one-sided hypothesis testing. 
* Added `lr_stat_df` to the parameters return list of `s_coxph_pairwise()`.
* Added `uncond_exact_diff` method to `estimate_proportion_diff()` for the unconditional exact confidence interval for the difference in proportions by inverting one-sided tail tests over a nuisance parameter.

> * Added `cmh_sato` as option for `test_proportion_diff()` to enable CMH test with Sato variance estimator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `cmh_sato` method to `test_proportion_diff()` for CMH testing with the Sato variance estimator. (#1482)
```
similar but highlights the issue

* Added `range_with_cens_info` statistic to `s_surv_time()`.
* Added `lsmean_se`, `lsmean_ci`, and `lsmean_diffci` statistics to `s_ancova()`.
* Added `s_ancova()` to exported functions.

### Bug Fixes
* Fixed bug in `prop_diff_cmh()` which previously failed when strata combinations had 0 observations.

> * Fixed bug in `prop_cmh()` where previously the Wilson-Hilferty transformation did not always preserve the direction of the effect for one-sided tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed one-sided p-values in `prop_cmh()` with Wilson-Hilferty transformation — the sign of the effect was lost, producing incorrect p-values for `alternative = "less"` and `alternative = "greater"`.
```

I think this is a bit more precise, but ok with both

### Miscellaneous
* Updated `roxygen2` to 8.0.0 and added `@exportS3Method` tags for S3 methods in `decorate_grob.R` and `utils_grid.R`.

> * Converted  `s_surv_time()`to exported functions.

Reviewer: These are unrelated right?

Author: yeah I just moved this section "Miscellaneous" down here to start with the more important "Enhancements"
